README.md, before:

# [enterprise-kotlin-handbook][0001]

Some exercises to explore out how modern, enterprise grade services can be
written in kotlin. It's slightly opinionated, proceed at your own risk.

## Motivation

Kotlin has a strong case as [java substitute][0002] on Android/mobile scenario
but it's not exclusive to it anymore for a good time now.

This doc go as a gentle approach on how to provision projects using kotlin over
java in enterprise solutions with [spring boot][0003].

The ecosystem around the JVM spans in time over decades and the problems solved
goes beyond thousands of reusable libraries. Get access to such richness with
any imaginable stack is a big deal and deserves attention in order to save time,
health and money when starting something new or maintaining battle-tested
solutions out there.

## Before we start

Some people might have a solid background on other stacks, for example
[Frontend Javascript/Typescript][0004], to cite a popular one. Whenever handy,
some comparison will be presented.

## How this guide is structured

This is a [monorepo/multiproject][0005], which usually is a bad idea but in this
case we mainly host documentation, so offer sample projects to better explore a
subject being presented is ok.

Main docs resides in [docs](docs) folder, samples in [samples](samples) folder.

Start by the [docs](docs) folder.

## How to contribute

Want to help or just do yourself some exercises? [fork this project][0006]!

[0001]: https://github.com/sombriks/enterprise-kotlin-handbook
[0002]: https://kotlinlang.org/docs/comparison-to-java.html
[0003]: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot
[0004]: https://typescriptlang.org/
[0005]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo
[0006]: https://github.com/sombriks/enterprise-kotlin-handbook/fork

Commit message:

sample spring project and a few ords on annotations

README.md, after:

# [enterprise-kotlin-handbook][0001]

Some exercises to explore out how modern, enterprise grade services can be
written in kotlin. It's slightly opinionated, proceed at your own risk.

## Motivation

Kotlin has a strong case as [java substitute][0002] on Android/mobile scenario
but it's not exclusive to it anymore for a good time now.

This doc go as a gentle approach on how to provision projects using kotlin over
java in enterprise solutions with [spring boot][0003].

The ecosystem around the JVM spans in time over decades and the problems solved
goes beyond thousands of reusable libraries. Get access to such richness with
any imaginable stack is a big deal and deserves attention in order to save time,
health and money when starting something new or maintaining battle-tested
solutions out there.

## Before we start

Some people might have a solid background on other stacks, for example
[Frontend Javascript/Typescript][0004], to cite a popular one. Whenever handy,
some comparison will be presented.

## How this guide is structured

This is a [monorepo/multiproject][0005], which usually is a bad idea but in this
case we mainly host documentation, so offer sample projects to better explore a
subject being presented is ok.

Main docs resides in [docs](docs) folder, sample projects in [samples](samples)
folder. There are a few exercises on each them.

Start by the [docs](docs) folder.

## How to contribute

Want to help or just do yourself some exercises? [fork this project][0006]!

[0001]: https://github.com/sombriks/enterprise-kotlin-handbook
[0002]: https://kotlinlang.org/docs/comparison-to-java.html
[0003]: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot
[0004]: https://typescriptlang.org/
[0005]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo
[0006]: https://github.com/sombriks/enterprise-kotlin-handbook/fork
